docs/wallpanel/app/app-description.md, before:

---

# This control sidebar index

index: 0

# This is the icon of the page

icon: article

# This is the title of the article

title: App Beschreibung

# Set author

author: xXBJXx

# Set writing time

date: 2022-05-27

# A page can have multiple categories

category:

- Wallpanel

# A page can have multiple tags

tag:

- Wallpanel

# The page’s sidebar heading rendering depth.

headerDepth: 1
--- 
<img :src="$withBase('/media/wallpanel/wallpanel.png#center')" alt="VuePress Logo">

[![issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android)](https://github.com/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android/issues)
[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android/total)](https://github.com/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android)
[![GitHub Repository](https://tinyurl.com/2o6jmf53)](https://github.com/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android)

::: warning Attention
<span style="color:orange; font-size:1em; font-weight: bold" >Unfortunately, the app in the Play Store is already outdated and not more up to date.</span>
:::

The Wallpanel App can be downloaded in the [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.thanksmister.iot.wallpanel&hl=de).

![GooglePlayStore](../../.vuepress/public/media/wallpanel/GooglePlayStore.png)

::: tip Info
The project was from the <span style="font-size:1.2em; font-weight: bold" >[TheTimeWalker](https://github.com/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android)</span> and will be continued on
GitHub. <br> The current version on GitHub ⇨ [![GitHub Repository](https://tinyurl.com/2o6jmf53)](https://github.com/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android)
<br>
:::

::: warning Attention
<span style="color:orange; font-size:1em; font-weight: bold" >I have already tried the new app, so far everything works fine. <br>
Only the MQTT connection to ioBroker MQTT Broker/Client doesn't work for me. When everything set, the app crashes the app immediately crashes when connecting and then restarts and
then crashes again, you can only interrupt this, wen one the MQTT adapter off.
<br>
<br>
Whether this is due to the MQTT adapter or the app I cannot say unfortunately because I am not familiar with the MQTT thing.
If you are using the new app, and you have the same problem, then create an issue at the [MQTT Adapter](https://github.com/ioBroker/ioBroker.mqtt) or at the
[TheTimeWalker Wallpanel App](https://github.com/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android) </span>
:::

:::tip Info
So if you want to try the new app, you can download from GitHub the APK and install it on your tablet. <br>
Otherwise, you can continue to use the app from the Google Play Store, but then you will not get updates for the app.
:::

Commit message:

wallpanel app links updated an add warning to install from GitHub

docs/wallpanel/app/app-description.md, after:

---

# This control sidebar index

index: 0

# This is the icon of the page

icon: article

# This is the title of the article

title: App Beschreibung

# Set author

author: xXBJXx

# Set writing time

date: 2022-05-27

# A page can have multiple categories

category:

- Wallpanel

# A page can have multiple tags

tag:

- Wallpanel

# The page’s sidebar heading rendering depth.

headerDepth: 1
--- 
<img :src="$withBase('/media/wallpanel/wallpanel.png#center')" alt="VuePress Logo">

[![issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android)](https://github.com/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android/issues)
[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android/total)](https://github.com/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android)
[![GitHub Repository](https://tinyurl.com/2o6jmf53)](https://github.com/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android)

The app is no longer available in the Play Store, but you can still install it from GitHub via an APK
+ original (Play Store version) ⇨ [old version](https://github.com/thecowan/wallpanel-android/releases) is not under further development
+ new version in currently only on GitHub ⇨ [new version](https://github.com/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android/releases) is under further development.

::: warning Attention
<span style="color:red; fontSize:1.3em; font-weight:bold">Attention, if you install an app from GitHub, then you install it "from an unknown source" this can
be dangerous under certain circumstances because the app has not been checked for malware by any official source.</span>
:::

::: tip Info
The project was from the <span style="font-size:1.2em; font-weight: bold" >[TheTimeWalker](https://github.com/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android)</span> and will be continued on
GitHub. <br> The current version on GitHub ⇨ [![GitHub Repository](https://tinyurl.com/2o6jmf53)](https://github.com/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android)
<br>
:::

::: warning Attention
<span style="color:orange; font-size:1em; font-weight: bold" >I have already tried the new app, so far everything works fine. <br>
Only the MQTT connection to ioBroker MQTT Broker/Client doesn't work for me. When everything set, the app crashes the app immediately crashes when connecting and then restarts and
then crashes again, you can only interrupt this, wen one the MQTT adapter off.
<br>
<br>
Whether this is due to the MQTT adapter or the app I cannot say unfortunately because I am not familiar with the MQTT thing.
If you are using the new app, and you have the same problem, then create an issue at the [MQTT Adapter](https://github.com/ioBroker/ioBroker.mqtt) or at the
[TheTimeWalker Wallpanel App](https://github.com/TheTimeWalker/wallpanel-android) </span>
:::

:::tip Info
So if you want to try the new app, you can download from GitHub the APK and install it on your tablet. <br>
Otherwise, you can continue to use the app from the Google Play Store, but then you will not get updates for the app.
:::
